d:\onedrive\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\bin\Debug\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem.exe
d:\onedrive\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\bin\Debug\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem.pdb
d:\onedrive\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\bin\Debug\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem.xml
d:\onedrive\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\obj\x86\Debug\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem.Form1.resources
d:\onedrive\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\obj\x86\Debug\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem.Form2.resources
d:\onedrive\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\obj\x86\Debug\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem.Resources.resources
d:\onedrive\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\obj\x86\Debug\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\onedrive\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\obj\x86\Debug\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem.exe
d:\onedrive\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\obj\x86\Debug\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem.xml
d:\onedrive\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\obj\x86\Debug\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem.pdb
d:\onedrive\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\obj\x86\Debug\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem.Form3.resources
d:\onedrive\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\obj\x86\Debug\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem.Form4.resources
d:\onedrive\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\obj\x86\Debug\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem.Form5.resources
d:\onedrive\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\obj\x86\Debug\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem.Form6.resources
d:\onedrive\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\obj\x86\Debug\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem.Filter.resources
d:\onedrive\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\bin\Debug\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem.exe.config
d:\onedrive\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\obj\x86\Debug\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem.Form7.resources
d:\onedrive\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\obj\x86\Debug\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem.Form8.resources
d:\onedrive\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\obj\x86\Debug\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem.Form9.resources
d:\onedrive\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\obj\x86\Debug\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem.Form10.resources
d:\onedrive\pictures\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem\obj\x86\Debug\GlobalGamingTournamentManagementSystem.Form11.resources
